Add docs on using as a third-party plugin developer (#127)
matplotlib/napari-matplotlib: docs/guide/third_party.rst

Third-party plugins
===================
This page explains how ``napari-matplotlib`` can be used within third party plugins.

``napari-matplotlib`` provides a ready-to-go widget with a Matplotlib toolbar and figure to third party plugin developers
This widget is customised to match the theme of the main napari window.

The widget can be found at `napari_matplotlib.base.NapariMPLWidget`.

> This class inherits from ``qtpy.QtWidgets.QWidget``.

Reviewer: Was this your intersphinx issue? S'a shame we can't link to them. Is it worth it to hardcode the link, or does that way madness lie?

Author: I was hoping I could link to `qtpy`, but it turns out this isn't possible. So I've changed this to link out to `PyQT6`.

Author: I've just tried to get intersphinx linking with either PyQT6 or PySide2 but to no avail, so I've just stuck in a manual link for now.

> It is recommended to use `~napari_matplotlib.base.NapariMPLWidget` inside a new widget, adding it to the layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you use `~napari_matplotlib.base.NapariMPLWidget` inside a new widget, adding it to the layout.
```
...?
Since it's a clear actor doing an action (_we recommend_).

Author: I'm reluctant to use "We", but I've changed this to slightly less clunky language

Reviewer: But... **we** do. One day I'll convince you.

This means you can add additional elements to your plugin layout alongside the Matplotlib figure.
Here's a short example:

.. code-block:: python

    from qtpy.QtWidgets import QWidget
    from napari_matplotlib.base import NapariMPLWidget

    class MyPlugin(QWidget):
        def __init__(self, napari_viewer: napari.viewer.Viewer, parent=None):
            super().__init__(parent=parent)

            # Any custom setup for your custom widget

>             ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # ...
```
If these are commented out, does `MyPlugin` work? Be cool to have a genuine working skeleton.

Author: `...` is valid Python (it's an [Ellipsis object](https://docs.python.org/3.9/library/constants.html#Ellipsis)), and I've often seen it used to denote a placeholder for other code, so I'd be minded to keep this here?
